This txt file contains their questions on our schematic and board design.
Antenna and Antenna Driver

Do all the traces for the antenna driver reside in layer 1?
Is the trace between the balun and the antenna in the correct net class and the correct width?
Are the other two capacitors close to the balun?
Is the trace between the balun and the antenna short (no longer than the corresponding trace in the reference design)?
Is there ample space around the antenna that is free of metal on all four layers?
Does the layout roughly match the layout on the FCB?
Are there any traces routed through the antenna driver area that are not related to the driver in any layer (there should not be)?
Power and Ground

Does the VBAT power plane reach under all four motor drivers?
Is the VBAT power plane wider than 0.5mm everywhere?
Does the 3V3 power plane run under microcontroller and near the IMU’s power pins?
Does the combination of the BAT_GND and GND ground plane extend to almost every area of the board (with the exception of the area round the antenna)?
Are the VBAT and 3V3 power pours both in the same metal layer?
Are there any parts of the power our ground pours that are very narrow? They should be no “necks” narrower than 0.5mm.
Does the VBAT power plane extend to the battery connector?
IMU

Is the IMU at the center of the board?
Are the capacitors specified in the IMU datasheet located as close as is practical to the IMU?
Is the IMU oriented so that the X and Y axes are aligned with the pitch and roll axis of the quadcopter?
Are there any traces under the IMU? Is there anything under IMU?
Headers

Is the FTDI header oriented so the silkscreen is labels for the pins are on the board and the pins will protrude off the board?
Microcontroller

Is the layout of resonator and the associated caps similar to the layout of those parts on the red board?
Do all the traces for the resonator and its associated caps lie in layer Top?
Are the decoupling caps for the microcontroller located as close as possible to power pins of the microcontroller?
Power Supply

Are the caps associated with the voltage regulator located near the regulator?
Is the voltage regulator located near the battery connector?
Does the 3V3 power plane run underneath the voltage regulator?
Motor Drivers

Are the traces that carry large currents thick enough?
Aesthetics

Does does the layout look nice?
Are nearby parts aligned?
Are the reference designators arranged so they don’t overlap eachother or pads?
Mechanical

Given the location of the motors, will the props clear the board (except for the arms)?
Is the “cup” for the motors the right diameter?
Are there any large internal holes in the board?
Is the board roughly symmetrical?
LEDs

Does the contents of their led_notes.txt make sense?
Checks

Does DRC check pass without errors?
If DRC doesn’t pass with no errors, does the team have good explanations for why the errors are ok?
Gerber Files (ignore for now)

Are areas around the antenna clear in the gerber files?
Are the power planes where you expect them to be in the gerber files?
Are there any traces that cross in an unexpected way in the gerber files?
Are there any elements that should be in the silkscreen that show up in metal layers?
Are there any elements that should be in the metal layers but that show up on the silkscreen?
Does the board outline match what was draw in the brd file?
